Feat/3237 auto generate examples terraform (#3299)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/event-gateway/entities/policy.md

{{site.event_gateway}} has a few built-in virtual cluster policies, all of which have their own specific configurations and examples.
See all [{{site.event_gateway_short}} policies](/event-gateway/policies/?policy-target=virtual_cluster) for their individual configurations.

> Here's an example configuration for the Forward to Modify Headers policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example configuration for the Modify Headers consume policy:
```
